Update README, RedisJSON. Review migration notes. (#2756)
redis/jedis: README.md

> # Jedis
> ---

Reviewer: Both `#` and `---` draws a line of their own. It becomes two back-to-back lines.
```suggestion
# Jedis

```

> [![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/redis/jedis.svg)](https://github.com/redis/jedis/releases/latest)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/redis/jedis.svg?sort=semver)](https://github.com/redis/jedis/releases/latest)
```

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/redis/jedis/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=pAstxAAjYo)](https://codecov.io/gh/redis/jedis)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/697882427875393627?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/qRhBuY8Z)

## What is Jedis?

> Jedis is a Java client for [Redis](http://github.com/antirez/redis "Redis") designed for performance and ease of use.

Reviewer 2: url should be http://github.com/redis/redis

## Getting started

To get started with Jedis, first add it as a dependency in your Java project. If you're using Maven, that looks like this:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>redis.clients</groupId>
    <artifactId>jedis</artifactId>

>     <version>4.0.0<version>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <version>4.0.0</version>
```

</dependency>
```

Next, you'll need to connect to Redis. For many applications, it's best to use a connection pool. You can instantiate a Jedis connection pool like so:

```java

> JedisPool pool = new JedisPool("localhost", 6379);

Reviewer: I'd strongly suggest to use JedisPooled.

```

Once you have a `JedisPool` instance, you can use a [try-with-resources](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/essential/exceptions/tryResourceClose.html) block to get a connection and run Redis commands.

Here's how to run a single [SET](https://redis.io/commands/set) command within a
*try-with-resources* block:

```java
try (Jedis jedis = pool.getResource()) {
  jedis.set("clientName", "Jedis");
}
```

`Jedis` instances implement most Redis commands. See the [Jedis Javadocs](https://www.javadoc.io/doc/redis.clients/jedis/latest/redis/clients/jedis/Jedis.html) for a complete list of supported commands.

> ## Using RedisJSON and Redis modules

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Using Redis Modules
```

Jedis provides support for some of the [Redis modules](https://redis.io/modules), most notably [RedisJSON](https://oss.redis.com/redisjson/) and [RediSearch](https://oss.redis.com/redisearch/).

> See the [RedisJSON Jedis Quick Start](docs/redisjson.md) for details.

Reviewer: We should put JedisPool(ed) and JedisCluster creation together.
We can put these just after that.

> Jedis provides support for some of the [Redis modules](https://redis.io/modules), most notably [RedisJSON](https://oss.redis.com/redisjson/) and [RediSearch](https://oss.redis.com/redisearch/).
> 
> See the [RedisJSON Jedis Quick Start](docs/redisjson.md) for details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Jedis provides support for some of the Redis modules, see the [doc](https://github.com/redis/jedis/blob/8246c42a60/docs/redismodules.md) for details.
```

## Connecting to a Redis cluster

> Jedis lets you connect to Redis Clusters, supporting the [Redis Cluster Spec](http://redis.io/topics/cluster-spec). To do this, you'll need to connect using `JedisCluster`. See the example below:

Reviewer 2: `[Redis Cluster Spec](http://redis.io/topics/cluster-spec)` should be `[Redis Cluster Specification](http://redis.io/topics/cluster-spec)`

```java
Set<HostAndPort> jedisClusterNodes = new HashSet<HostAndPort>();
jedisClusterNodes.add(new HostAndPort("127.0.0.1", 7379));
jedisClusterNodes.add(new HostAndPort("127.0.0.1", 8379));
JedisCluster jedis = new JedisCluster(jedisClusterNodes);
```

> Now you can use the `JedisCluster` instance and send commands like you would with a standard pooled connection:

Reviewer: > like you would with a standard pooled connection

For this, we need JedisPooled earlier.

```java
jedis.sadd("planets", "Mars");
```

## Documentation

The [Jedis wiki](http://github.com/redis/jedis/wiki) contains several useful articles for using Jedis.

You can also check the [latest Jedis Javadocs](https://www.javadoc.io/doc/redis.clients/jedis/latest/index.html).

## Troubleshooting

If you run into trouble or have any questions, we're here to help!

> Hit us up on the [Redis Discord Server](http://discord.gg/redis) or [open an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/redis/jedis)

Reviewer: We are also using GitHub Discussions.

and [YourKit .NET Profiler](http://www.yourkit.com/.net/profiler/index.jsp),
innovative and intelligent tools for profiling Java and .NET applications.

## License

Copyright (c) 2011 Jonathan Leibiusky

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR

> OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Reviewer: @gkorland @chayim Your call.

> innovative and intelligent tools for profiling Java and .NET applications.

Reviewer: @gkorland @chayim Do we have any decision about YourKit?
